academics.md, before:

---
layout: "page"
title: "Academics"
permalink: "/academics"
---

Currently I am a master's student in <a href="https://www.cs.washington.edu" target="_blank">computer science</a> at the <a href="http://www.washington.edu" target="_blank">University of Washington</a>. I completed my bachelor's degree in winter 2019 and I expect to be done with the master's by spring of 2020.

My main academic interest at the moment is teaching. I've worked as a TA for CSE 120 (Computer Science Principles) and CSE 351 (Hardware/Software Interface) for the following quarters:

- [CSE 351, Autumn 2017](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/17au/)
- [CSE 120, Winter 2018](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse120/18wi/)
- [CSE 351, Spring 2018](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/18sp/)
- [CSE 120, Winter 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse120/19wi/)
- [CSE 351, Spring 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/19sp/)

and I am lecturing for [CSE 351 this summer quarter, 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/19su/).

Most recently, I've been working on a tool called [pde2js](https://github.com/terabyte128/pde2js) that converts code in the [Processing](http://processing.org/) programming language to [p5.js](https://p5js.org/), the JavaScript equivalent. We used this tool in CSE 120 so that students could upload their projects to a website and showcase their work, without them needing to manually do the conversion (which can be tedious and difficult, particularly for new programmers).

Commit message:

update contact, courses; hide blog

academics.md, after:

---
layout: "page"
title: "Academics"
permalink: "/academics"
---

Currently I am a master's student in <a href="https://www.cs.washington.edu" target="_blank">computer science</a> at the <a href="http://www.washington.edu" target="_blank">University of Washington</a>. I completed my bachelor's degree in winter 2019 and I expect to finish my master's by spring of 2020.

My main academic interest at the moment is teaching. I've worked as a TA for these courses: 

- [The Hardware/Software Interface, Autumn 2017](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/17au/)
- [Computer Science Principles, Winter 2018](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse120/18wi/)
- [The Hardware/Software Interface, Spring 2018](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/18sp/)
- [Computer Science Principles, Winter 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse120/19wi/)
- [The Hardware/Software Interface, Spring 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/19sp/)
- [Introduction to Compiler Construction, Autumn 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse401/19au/)

and I have been (or will be) the instructor of record for these courses:

- [The Hardware/Software Interface, Summer 2019](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse351/19su/).
- [Computer Science Principles, Winter 2020](https://courses.cs.washington.edu/courses/cse120/20wi/)

Most recently, I've been working on a tool called [pde2js](https://github.com/terabyte128/pde2js) that converts code in the [Processing](http://processing.org/) programming language to [p5.js](https://p5js.org/), the JavaScript equivalent. We use this tool in Computer Science Principles so that students can upload their projects to a website and showcase their work, without them needing to manually do the conversion (which can be tedious and difficult, particularly for new programmers).
