l_projects.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

#### Electric Go-Kart

In 6th grade, I bought a go-kart with the intention of converting it to electric. Through its many incarnations, it has taught me lots of important lessons about both mechanical and electrical systems. You can learn much, much more about this project at its own website, [myelectricgokart.com](http://www.myelectricgokart.com/){:target="_blank"}.

#### FRC Scout

For the FIRST robotics FRC competition, a large part of the competition is "scouting" teams to figure out how well they do in games, and how well they would compliment your team's strengths if you were in an alliance together. My friend and I created a website, [FRC Scout](http://frcscout.com/){:target="_blank"}, to make scouting teams much simpler and easier. It tracks data entered by various team members on various teams, and aggregates their data in a large database to create averages. These averages track the strengths and weaknesses of different teams, which makes it easier for other teams to see whether or not they should select a team for their alliance.

Commit message:

actually don't hack, hacks aren't cool

l_projects.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Projects
permalink: /projects/
---

#### Electric Go-Kart

In 6th grade, I bought a go-kart with the intention of converting it to electric. Through its many incarnations, it has taught me lots of important lessons about both mechanical and electrical systems. You can learn much, much more about this project at its own website, [myelectricgokart.com](http://www.myelectricgokart.com/){:target="_blank"}.

#### FRC Scout

For the FIRST robotics FRC competition, a large part of the competition is "scouting" teams to figure out how well they do in games, and how well they would compliment your team's strengths if you were in an alliance together. My friend and I created a website, [FRC Scout](http://frcscout.com/){:target="_blank"}, to make scouting teams much simpler and easier. It tracks data entered by various team members on various teams, and aggregates their data in a large database to create averages. These averages track the strengths and weaknesses of different teams, which makes it easier for other teams to see whether or not they should select a team for their alliance. It was super cool, and from it I learned a lot about web development. You can find the code [on GitHub](https://github.com/FIRST-4030/frc-scout){:target="_blank"} if you're so inclined. We used Python, with a framework called [Django](https://www.djangoproject.com){:target="_blank"}.
